renoldy invests in its multipurpose charge
agent shows details of changes
a renoldy a slap in the kangoo's visual
arrives novelty motivates offers the option
sliding side door that increases
functionality in your daily life
the cable also offers
one of the centers that still
the back doors to yourself
lane opening at 180 degrees outside the
car has the new visual identity
of the mark what the French goal
the place also receives new design and
paint in vehicle color
the headlights with water droplet shape
reinforces the appearance of a few texts
model inside 2015 field my
plants with new tissues
already the instrument panel and
door coatings won
darker tonality is one of the
renoldy you press the IVG utility
for use at work
the consumption table of the program
labeling and in the car with
1.6-valve 1.6 engine that delivers 95
horsepower and received category
when fueled with alcohol
power 9870
to motivate the offered in the colors white and
silver and gray and the 2015 kangoo the option
for tvs need because i need
a mixed-use car for both the
city ​​as for business in the countryside
in addition to all product attributes
it is important to emphasize that we
we have a geographical coverage
from our very important network of Brazil
which now has 53 points of
sale spread across Brazil a network
dedicated to
fleet fish and is ready to
serve you in all your needs